
Our only agenda is to publish the truth so you can be an informed participant in democracy.
We need your help.
 
More Info
 
Delta airplanes, are pictured on Friday, March 2, 2018, in New York.
 An offer to participate in an online survey to get free Delta Airline tickets is a scam. "Congratulations! You have been selected to take part in our short survey to get 2 Free Delta Airline Tickets! We only have 332 Tickets remaining so hurry up!" states the website Delta-Flying.info. After we started our fact-check, the link was no longer in use and had been flagged as suspected phishing. It is not an official Delta website. Such hoaxes that Delta or other airlines, including Southwest Airlines, have been giving away free tickets have circulated for years. Don’t take the surveys — these are all scams. Graham Cluley, a security analyst, has previously written about the repercussions of the Southwest scam in 2016: "The end result of all these shenanigans, of course, is to trick Facebook users into poor decisions – whether it be taking online surveys which earn affiliate cash for the scammers, signing up for expensive premium rate mobile services, or spamming the unwary with unwanted (and sometimes malicious) messages. .... If you are ever in any doubt as to whether a special offer on Facebook is genuine or not, visit the company’s real website to see if they mention the competition there – or whether they are warning of a scam." Delta spokeswoman Kate Modolo pointed to this page on Delta.com where legitimate offers from the airline are located. The story that said Delta Airlines offers free airline tickets for people who take a short survey is a scam. We rate this story Pants on Fire. 

The Principles of the Truth-O-Meter

 Delta-flying.info, Accessed March 12, 2018 Hoax-slayer.net, "Get 2 Free Delta Airline Tickets" Facebook Scam," Oct. 7, 2016 Snopes, "Airline ticket giveaway scam," Feb. 8, 2016 PolitiFact, "Offer for free tickets from Southwest Airlines is a scam," Nov. 27, 2017 Interview, Kate Modolo, Delta Airlines spokeswoman, March 13, 2018 
In a world of wild talk and fake news, help us stand up for the facts.



Sign me up


 

Sign me up

 

District of Columbia



1800 I Street NW

Washington, DC
20006
 

Florida


801 3rd St. S

St. Petersburg, FL
33701
727-821-9494
