How does an 18-year-old girl fresh out of high school who has been caught smoking pot more than the Bush twins were caught drinking land a job as an intern at the US Embassy in Spain? Privilege. Obama and his pals liked to call it “white privilege,” but they really can’t in this case, can they? In this case the daughter of a president was moved to the front of the line. It didn’t last long, however, because just like at home, Malia has issues with staying out of trouble. She was caught, by Embassy Security — aka the US Marines — on the roof of the building burning a doobie and playing with the Ambassador’s carrier pigeons. Ambassador Bedard is an avid hobbyist. Malia was terminated immediately, her room was cleared and she was escorted from the private areas of the embassy to the common area where she could wait to change the dates on her travel visa so she could return home. She was last seen in the lobby when a black SUV pulled up out front and she willingly got in. Looks like Daddy probably saved the day again. No word now on Malia’s next move. She won’t be starting Harvard this fall and she has no future in government, since all government jobs require drug tests. Maybe she can go to work with her benevolent father collecting huge speaking fees for destroying the country. BREAKING: Chelsea’s Childhood Friend Just Blew The Lid Off MURDEROUS Clinton Family Secrets Trump Forced To Take Drastic Action After Trey Gowdy’s Murderer Got Away  
  We believe that there is nothing more precious than the mind of an aging conservative. Here we gather a boatload of bullhonkey, works of pure satirical fiction, to give the fist-shakers of the world a reason to hate.  Reality is often in the eye of the beholder. You won’t find any of it here. Join the fun in the comments on our Facebook page where you too can watch David Hasselhoff running over someone’s poodle magically transformed into a crime against humanity by Barack Obama or yet another murder the Clintons got away with. 
			Copyright © 2017 | Freedom Crossroads | All original works protected under the US Copyright Act (17 U.S.C.) | DO NOT REPUBLISH WITHOUT PERMISSION 		