An official website of the United States government Here's how you know 
Official websites use .gov

              A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.
             
Secure .gov websites use HTTPS

              A lock (   

Lock
A locked padlock



 ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.
             Archived News Para Notícias en Español Attorney General Jeff Sessions today issued the following statement: “During the course of the confirmation proceedings on my nomination to be Attorney General, I advised the Senate Judiciary Committee that ‘[i]f a specific matter arose where I believed my impartiality might reasonably be questioned, I would consult with Department ethics officials regarding the most appropriate way to proceed.’  “During the course of the last several weeks, I have met with the relevant senior career Department officials to discuss whether I should recuse myself from any matters arising from the campaigns for President of the United States.  “Having concluded those meetings today, I have decided to recuse myself from any existing or future investigations of any matters related in any way to the campaigns for President of the United States.  “I have taken no actions regarding any such matters, to the extent they exist.  “This announcement should not be interpreted as confirmation of the existence of any investigation or suggestive of the scope of any such investigation.  “Consistent with the succession order for the Department of Justice, Acting Deputy Attorney General and U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia Dana Boente shall act as and perform the functions of the Attorney General with respect to any matters from which I have recused myself to the extent they exist.”  The Justice Department issued the following statement from Attorney General Merrick B. Garland on the arrests of alleged leaders of the Sinaloa Cartel, Ismael Zambada Garcia (El Mayo) and Joaquin Guzman Lopez: The Justice Department issued the following statement from Attorney General Merrick B. Garland: I want to begin by saying that I am grateful that former President Trump is safe following yesterday’s horrific assassination attempt. Office of Public Affairs
U.S. Department of Justice
950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington DC 20530 Office of Public Affairs Direct Line
202-514-2007 Department of Justice Main Switchboard
202-514-2000 Signup for Email Updates
Social Media  Have a question about Government Services?