


RELIGION MIND 
 Humanity's finest minds have from ancient times sought the answer to one of the greatest mysteries of existence. What is the nature of man's spiritual world? 


Home
 » 
Islam

 » Saudi Arabia to Behead 6 School Girls for Being With Their Male Friends Without Parents or a Guardian


 



 on
Monday, 23 October 2017
 

 
        
Labels:
Islam

 This stupidity, this insanity, has to be stopped.  To impose fear is a dangerous weapon and a very effective one. Religion can be a tool for that.. but it's mostly people who feel the need of control, very sad... Islam is not a religion, it is a totalitarian political ideology, a vicious one at that. Looks afghanistan photo does.Sounds a bit far fetched.     Did this slaughter actually happen, or is it just more Trump fake news. what difference does it make? may as well be an abortion clinic on your street. You are a sorry excuse of a human being. You mean HILLARY and the DNC fake news that they paid $9 000,000 for? Can you please cite your source?The accompanying photo seems to be from a south Asian country. Your article seems fishy.I have not been able to authenticate this on the Human Rights Watch page. Also, Saudi Arabia recently psssed legislation allowing women to drive.https://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/26/world/middleeast/saudi-arabia-women-drive.html http://wikileaksnews.co/saudi-arabia-behead-6-school-girls-acting-indecent-boys/and others This pic is from Afghanistan.  Only people can stop this masacre This is total bullshit. https://www.hrw.org/news/2015/09/02/dispatches-court-sanctioned-lashing-afghanistan  Farking morons. You Crabs are a bunch of sick mofo's All tyes with Saudi should be severed.  LIGHT OF CHRISTIANITY VERSUS THE DARKNESS OF ISLAM - Islam allows wife beating, rape whiling punishing the victim of rape, sex slavery, and female genital mutilation while in Christianity, it is a criminal felony, assault and battery. In Islam, pedophilia is allowed even certain sex acts with infants while in Christianity, it would be a punishable crime. In Islam, narcotics is a commodity, while in Christianity, it is considered a plague. In Islam, a Muslim can violate a contract with a non-Muslim, which destroys social construction, while in Christianity, a contract must be upheld. In Islam, you go to heaven for Jihad against infidels, Christians, and Jews, while the religion of the God of the Bible there is justice, equality under the  law, for the alien as well the native. In Islam, sex with animals is permissible, while in Christianity, it is a capital offense. To leave Islam is a death sentence, while to leave Christianity is to lose Christian duties. In Islam critical speech about Islam and Mohammad means death while in Christianity critical debate is required. Under Sharia law Muslims can kill Christian, Jews and unbelievers without punishment. Under Christ, murder is a capital offense.  REPENT THE DEVIL ALLAH AND HIS DEMON MOHAMMAD AND BE SAVED IN CHRIST JESUS THE KING OF THE JEWS https://www.facebook.com/radha.sakhi.5/videos/476940612437701/?hc_ref=NEWSFEED  This is insane! What also bothers me isthe liberal media calling these terrorist  ultra conservative!This is not ultra conservative! To draw a connection between these psychopaths and conservatism is an absolute insult!  I would love to cause mass genocide on this entire region.  They're demonic religion Christians are as sick as muslims. Just two morons who beat each other about who is the most retarded one. The savagery of Muslims do not shock people who know the TRUTH about Islam and Muslims.   There is no such thing as a moderate Muslim, because they wouldn’t be Muslims. If you are a Muslim, then you believe in the teachings of Mohammed and the goal of Islam is “World Islam” as stated in the Qur’an. Mohammed was a pedophile serial rapist, slaver and mass murderer. Therefore, if you do not believe in those teachings, then you should not be a Muslim. The problem is once you are a Muslim you are always a Muslim.Islam is a political and military system masquerading as a religion. Muslims can lie to the infidel to promote Islam. The Muslim Brotherhood calls for a “Civilization-Jihadist Process,” in which they would destroy the Western civilization from within.  Radical Muslims believe the infidels will have to convert to Islam, be enslaved or be killed. They state, we do not want to democratize Islam, we want to Islamize democracy. That is what we want. In the Christian faith, it is a sin to commit murder and you can go to Hell. In Islam, if you kill the infidel and die in the action you are martyred and promised paradise and 72 Virgins. In the United States we do not want to become a Muslim nation and be put under Sharia law, with Honor Killings. That is why we must remain vigilant to protect our freedom. Look at what has been happening in Germany, Great Britain and France. Bullshit article.https://www.hrw.org/news/2015/09/02/dispatches-court-sanctioned-lashing-afghanistan 










 
 Copyright © 
RELIGION MIND . All Rights Reserved.   Prof. Van Heizen Theme by CB Design.  Published By Kaizen Template - Support KaizenThemes