The building Jared Kushner was reportedly in is gone. Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  . Mar-A-Lago was at the front and center of a rogue wave created by the outer bands of Hurricane Irma. The wave, spanning hundreds of yards across and nearly 20-feet high crashed directly into the Palm Beach estate of President Trump. Several other properties on either side, including the home of guitar legend Kieth Richards, were also destroyed. The staff at Mar-A-Lago had been sent home except for those who live on the property. They were all in the “safe” building towards the rear of the property when the wave hit. The building, designed by Eric Trump, was supposed to be able to withstand bunker-busting bombs. He told the National Report that the reason the water was able to penetrate was simple physics: “I designed the building for an air raid. Who would ever think that the threat would come from the side? Those walls were just normal walls to keep cost down. The roof was what was designed to absorb the impact. Mass equals force times accelarated ions.” Eric Trump was a decorated mathematician at Oxford and scored well above genius on the Hershman-Rorytar Test. Clearly, the fault for Kushner’s probable fate lies with Kushner himself for not seeking proper shelter.   Stan Lee Fires Jennifer Lawrence For Being A ‘Disrespectful Little B*tch’ Breaking: Jared Kushner’s Body Washes Up On West Palm Beach  We believe that there is nothing more precious than the mind of an aging conservative. Here we gather a boatload of bullhonkey, works of pure satirical fiction, to give the fist-shakers of the world a reason to hate.  Reality is often in the eye of the beholder. You won’t find any of it here. Join the fun in the comments on our Facebook page where you too can watch David Hasselhoff running over someone’s poodle magically transformed into a crime against humanity by Barack Obama or yet another murder the Clintons got away with. 
			Copyright Â© 2017 | Freedom Crossroads | All original works protected under the US Copyright Act (17 U.S.C.) | DO NOT REPUBLISH WITHOUT PERMISSION 		