Comedian Kevin Hart in critical condition after a single-car accident in Summerlin, Las Vegas Monday morning.
According to the police, Hart lost control of his car and went off the east side of the road and his car crashed head-on into a guardrail while he was driving at a high speed. Metro Police said 38-year-old US comedian and film star Kevin Hart, was driving faster than the 25 mph speed limit while going north on Spring Gate Lane about 8:20 a.m today. The undisputed king of comedy, as at the time of filing this report, remained in critical condition at MountainView Hospital in Summerlin, police can confirm. Drugs and alcohol were not factors in the crash, police said. A day before this tragic incident, comedian Kevin Hart posted a candid social media message confessing that he made a “bad error in judgement” which recently led to an undisclosed individual making an extortion attempt against him. In an Instagram video, Hart said that, though he had never claimed to be perfect, he had recently put himself “in an environment where only bad things would happen”. “I’m not perfect, I’m not gonna sit up here and claim that I am in any shape or form, and I made a bad error in judgement,” he told his followers. “In doing that, I know I’m going to hurt the people closest to me, who I’ve talked to and apologised to, them being my wife and my kids, and you know; it’s a shitty moment.” Hart then explained that he had chosen to “‘fess up” rather than have someone attempt to make “financial gain from [his] mistakes. In this particular situation, that’s was what was attempted.” A few years ago, an old friend of mine walked into a bar and... Puerto Rico’s pharmaceutical industry was brought to a halt after Hurricane Maria devastated the... WASHINGTON — Education Secretary Betsy DeVos on Friday scrapped Obama-era guidance intended to better... Former FBI director James B. Comey was heckled throughout a speech Friday at Howard... Maria is forecast to become a major hurricane as it moves near the Leeward... ST. LOUIS — More than 100 protesters peacefully marched arm-in-arm to City Hall on... INDIANAPOLIS — An Indiana judge will hear arguments Tuesday on a motion to dismiss... Air pollution in China could be causing Chinese people to take years off their... A Soviet soldier credited with saving the world from nuclear holocaust has died at... The U.S. military flew stealth jets and bombers over the Korean Peninsula on Monday,... Copyright © 2015 News 360