Democrats about lost their minds when they heard that President Trump pardoned Joe Arpaio this morning. Arpaio, convicted of a bogus charge for doing the job the people of Maricopa County elected him to do, was about to spend the next 12 to 18 months in a federal minimum security prison. His second pardon of the day, while not as immediately necessary, held just as much meaning. By granting clemency to Kim Davis, the Kentucky County Clerk who refused to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples, her record will be expunged and her good name reinstated. Davis has been seeing a probation officer monthly since the incident nearly two years ago now to prove she’s in compliance with the judge’s orders. With her record cleared, she no longer has to check in with anyone or list herself on job, volunteer and credit applications as a criminal. A criminal is the farthest thing from what she is. She’s a conscientious freedom fighter who wouldn’t stand by while her rights were trampled and her very existence threatened. She’s the perfect candidate for a Trump pardon, and that’s exactly what she got. Davis is expected to return to her job in the Clerk’s office where she can now refuse to issue marriage licences to gays and not worry about it becoming a “national scandal.” Davis said, “I told them all along I didn’t care if they went to the county down the street. Just not in my building. Not while my God still relies on me to do the right thing.” God Bless you, Kim Davis. You’re a real piece of work. BREAKING: Al Sharpton Is Dead BREAKING: Bill Clinton Caught On Camera With New Mistress 
 We believe in the right to be free. No matter what, the freedom to do what we want, say what we want and publish what we want comes first. Therefore we make no guarantee that what you read here is true. In fact, it most definitely is not. Our Land Of The Free is here to entertain you with the kind of whimsical satire conservatives enjoy. 
									published 98 articles								 
									published 85 articles								 
			Copyright 2017 - ourlandofthefree.com - DO NOT REPUBLISH WITHOUT PERMISSION. Not a news aggregator - all materials are original, copyrighted works		