82-year-old William DeLisle of Marina Del Ray, California, has been sentenced to death for defending himself against a life-threatening situation. In October of 2015, DeLisle was walking home from the local senior center when he was ambushed by a pair of young Muslims. The men, Abdi Nadjeer Hallalla and Mustif Salabu, were already wanted for a crime spree that spanned nearly four years with dozens of victims. They preyed on older Americans, often grabbing them off the street to beat and rob them. Until they met DeLisle. Now, Hallalla is in a wheelchair breathing through a tube and Salabu is dead. DeLisle, who stormed the beach at Normandy as a young man, responded to the young men like any good Marine would. He pulled a .22 from his ankle holster — which is “illegal” in California — and put both men down in seconds. Prosecutors said that because the two men were unarmed and using threats instead of actually hurting DeLisle meant that there was no imminent danger and that the use of deadly force was “extreme and unnecessary.” The Dewey County Prosecutor explained in a press release: “Mr. DeLisle could have handed over his wallet without incident. Instead, he chose to pull an illegally carried firearm from a concealed location and shot the two men. Had he stopped there it may not have been such a major incident, as both men’s initial wounds were superficial. While they were on the ground, DeLisle told Salabu that if he didn’t ‘denounce his pagan moon god, Allah, that he would be meeting him. Salabu closed his eyes to pray and DeLisle put two bullets in his skull. Hallalla, after seeing his friend murdered, tried to flee and was shot in the spine, paralizing him for life. This wasn’t self-defense. It was murder and religious persecution.” Religious persecution? How much you want to bet if the tables were turned and an elderly Muslim killed two Christian men trying to mug him he’d get a medal from the Governor of California? DeLisle has nothing to be concerned with, since the pansies in California don’t actually execute prisoners. They have a moratorium on their useless death penalty and have for decades. He will, however, die in prison. His lawyer said DeLisle expressed that it was a “small price to pay if he saved others from these two monsters.” DeLisle hasn’t asked for an appeal. Source: Ladies of Liberty 

 Tupac Amaru Shakur, better known as 2Pac, is one of the most iconic characters of hip hop culture. What he achieved in... Former Spice Girl Victoria Beckham was appointed to the Order of the British Empire in the Buckingham Palace on Wednesday, the 19th... The Minnesota Vikings told quarterback Teddy Bridgewater they won’t exercise their team option for the 2018 season, USA Today‘s Tom Pelissero reported... Anderson Silva is very frustrated with the UFC for a number of reasons, states that if he doesn’t fight Yoel Romero for... Pittsburgh Penguins captain Sidney Crosby went to the dressing room after taking a nasty shot to the head. Six minutes into Game... We offer solid conservative perspective on the issues of the day, including analysis, opinion columns, historic documents, humor, cartoons and more. Our objective is to equip the current generation of American Patriots with the right information to more effectively "Support and Defend" the unalienable Rights of Man, as enumerated in our Declaration of Independence, and codified by the Rule of Law enshrined in our Republic's Constitution. Copyright © 2017 The Patriot Report.