Home → General News - DraftKings Named Exclusive Odds Provider For Amazon NFL Games Amazon’s Thursday Night Football broadcasts will exclusively use betting odds provided by DraftKings after the two parties agreed terms on a multi-year deal. The deal will see DraftKings produce pre-game content for fans and will begin on Thursday, September 15 for the Los Angeles Chargers’ game versus the Kansas City Chiefs at SoFi Stadium and will continue throughout all 15 of their remaining Thursday night broadcasts in the 2022 season. It will also see fans have access to new betting offers dedicated to every game that can be accessed by residents of states where the best sportsbooks are legal. According to Sportico, the door is also open for further collaborations such as an alternate betting stream to be set up. “The NFL season is the most active time of year for our customers, so collaborating with one of the world’s leading technology brands in order to offer engaging content to viewers of TNF on Prime Video is a tremendous opportunity for DraftKings,” Stephanie Sherman, Chief Marketing Officer of DraftKings, said in a media release.  “Prime Video is an innovator in live content and we both have a similar focus on constantly improving our customers’ experiences. We look forward to working with Amazon to bring millions of viewers a premium and enhanced experience during TNF on Prime Video all season long and for years to come.”  The betting options available to Amazon viewers include same-game parlays on the upcoming game and pre-game odds on selected wagers. The return of football always comes with huge excitement as it starts the busiest time of the year for NFL sportsbooks across the country. The NFL regular season, combined with the return of the NBA and MLB playoffs, makes this annually the most profitable quarter for betting sites in the U.S. Danielle Carney, head of NFL sales at Amazon Ads, added: “We are thrilled to collaborate with DraftKings to bring fans more insights and excitement as part of the TNF viewing experience. “DraftKings content will contribute to lively pregame discussions, fan engagement and, perhaps, some bold predictions from our on-air talent.”