Kalabar is gonna be MAD. Love is clearly in the air. First, Ariana Grande and Pete Davidson get engaged. Then, Justin Bieber and Hailey Baldwin allegedly follow suit. Now, two of your favorite Disney Channel stars leave Instagram shook with a single pic. Kimberly J. Brown, who played heroine Marnie Piper in the first three Halloweentown movies (we do NOT talk about the fourth film), finally confirmed fans' suspicions that she and her Halloweentown II: Kalabar's Revenge co-star, Daniel Kountz, were more than just friends. For International Kissing Day on Saturday (July 6), Kimberly posted a kiss pic that would make Kalabar's jaw drop. "#internationalkissingday you say? I’ll just leave this right here then 😏," she captioned.  OMG. I ship it so hard. Seriously, they're both so dang cute! Daniel has been popping up on Kimberly's Instagram more frequently over the past few months. For Halloween last year, they did a  couples costume as superheroes. A few months later, they spent Christmas Eve together. They've hung out in Portland, saw Hamilton, and more recently, attended The Big Bang Theory star Kaley Cuoco's wedding.  Back in 2016, fans first started noticing the DCOM stars had reconnected when Daniel appeared in Kimberly's hilarious short about what really happened to Kal at the end of Halloweentown II: Kalabar's Revenge. (Spoiler: He went to magic rehab.) A year later, the duo acted onscreen together again in another short that's partly Not Safe for Disney.  You don't need to be Sherlock Holmes to crack this love mystery, but neither Kimberly nor Daniel confirmed they were more than friends — until that glorious pic dropped. Stacey Grant is the Snapchat Editor at Seventeen.com. Follow her on Twitter! Stacey Grant is a senior editor at Seventeen who runs the brand's Snapchat Discover channel. She also covers entertainment topics specializing in nostalgia, such as classic '90s and '00s Disney Channel and Nickelodeon content. Gigi Hadid and Bradley Cooper Are ‘Super Casual’ Taylor Swift Went On A Date With Travis Kelce Zendaya Wants You to Know She's Not Engaged Timmy and Kylie Just Hard Launched at Bey's Show! Fans Think Timothée Is Kylie's IG Photog 📷 Hailey Led the Charge in Justin Dropping Scooter Zendaya on Keeping Her Tom Holland Romance Private How Hailey Is Involved in Justin's Business MBB and Jake Bongiovi Are Truly the Cutest Meghan & Harry Are Adapting a Rom-Com for Netflix Bella Shares Emotional Update on Lyme Disease Sources Speak Out on Kylie-Timothée Breakup Rumors A Part of Hearst Digital Media We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back. ©2024 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.