wn1sdwk000OXZ Sign-in to our platforms to access our extensive research, our latest insight, data and analytics and to connect to our industry experts. 
            Accelerate the move to clean energy with low-carbon intelligence connecting assets, markets, and companies.
         
            Access reliable research and analysis within and across the metals and mining industry to make strategic, operational and investment decisions.
         
            Access world-class insight from exploration to end product, with data by assets, country and region. 
         
            In-depth insights, supported by robust data offerings, thorough research, and comprehensive consulting services.
         
            Access real-time data and analytics in all major commodities with innovative data points and comprehensive insights to guide strategic and trading decisions.
         
            Understand strategic opportunities and challenges in the rapidly changing upstream industry. 
         
            Access unparalleled detail and depth into the Maritime landscape through the most accurate, integrated view of terrestrial, satellite and dynamic AIS networks.
         
            Understand the connections from feedstocks to end products and how each fits.
         
            Explore the themes shaping the energy transition with our monthly thought leadership.
         
            Unique energy insight, spanning the renewables, energy and natural resources supply chain, to support strategic decision-making.
         
            Weekly discussions on the latest news and trends in energy, cleantech and renewables.
         
            Our weekly round up of the lasted opinions, new, industry analysis from our global analysts.
         
            In depth analysis of the energy transition and the path to a low carbon future.
         
            Explore the future growth potential for carbon capture, utilisation and storage.
         
            The latest views from our global experts on the rise of the hydrogen economy.
         
            Explore the growth trajectory for EVs and spot any possible bumps in the road.
         
            As the world maps out a low carbon future, COP29 will dive deeper on financing the energy transition.
         
            Explore trends around sustainability, recycling and the circular economy and their impact on materials markets. 
         
            Our global events bring together influential decision-makers from the energy sector.
         
            Browse Wood Mackenzie events by Industry 
         
            Explore our wide range of market outlook reports spanning the natural resources and energy industries.
         
            Pinpoint opportunities on a map. In-depth industry and market-data wallmaps.
         
            An integrated view of global renewable and conventional power data and insights across projects, technologies and markets.
         
            Maximise investment opportunities across the hydrogen, ammonia and methanol value chain.
         
            Industry renowned data and analysis, enabling resilient, sustainable portfolios.
         
            Identify advantaged barrels and support critical investment decisions with an integrated view of commercial and technical data.
         
            Analysis of CCUS and offset opportunities to shape decarbonisation strategies.
         
            The single source for exploring industry data alongside leading expertise, analyses, and modelling insights.
         
            Unlock robust data and new unique perspectives across key mined commodities needed to assess the mining landscape.
         
            Seamlessly integrate Wood Mackenzie data into your own proprietary systems with Lens Direct API services.
         Power & Renewables 
                Leverage industry-leading research to grasp the opportunities and overcome the challenges surrounding decarbonisation, energy decentralisation and the transformation of the power sector.
             Complete the form to learn more about our solutions and discuss your business needs with a member of our team. 
                Leverage industry-leading research to grasp the opportunities and overcome the challenges surrounding decarbonisation, energy decentralisation and the transformation of the power sector.
             Accurately forecast power pricing and valuations using trusted, comprehensive data & insights across global markets.North America Power ServiceEurope Power ServiceAsia Pacific Power & Renewables ServiceExplore more Power Market Services Our integrated power, solar market intelligence services can help you assess the road ahead and make faster, more confident decisions. Global Solar Markets Service Solar Module Supply Chain Service U.S. Utility Solar Service US Distributed Solar Service PV Technology Systems & Operations ServiceUS Solar Market Insight We provide accurate wind energy industry analysis, as well as expert insights where and when you want them, to inform rapid, meaningful decision-making. Access market intelligence that provides unparalleled depth in the wind energy value chain. Global Wind Markets ServiceWind Supply Chain ServiceOffshore Wind ServiceWind Technology, Systems & Operations ServiceExplore more Get the most comprehensive industry analysis of existing and emerging energy storage markets around the world, and arm yourself with the data you need to plan for the next-generation electric grid. Grid Edge ServiceEnergy Storage ServiceElectric Vehicle & Battery Supply Chain ServiceU.S. Energy Storage Monitor Delivering real-time and historical data, forecasts, analytical insight, tools, software solutions and market intelligence. North America Power SolutionsEPSI Europe PowerRT Europe Europe Power Solutions Discovery GermanyEPSI JapanPowerRT JapanExplore more Short-term services Our integrated power, solar, wind, storage and grid edge market intelligence services can help you assess the road ahead and make faster, more confident decisions. Looking to evaluate an asset to ensure your return on your investment while mitigating risk? With our expert insights on the power industry bringing together the most up-to-date, accurate, and inclusive datasets & analysis, you'll see the value in screening investment opportunities clearly. Learn more With new legislation and policy changes being introduced, you’re challenged to understand the impact that each update will have on the power industry. How will emerging trends and increasing energy efficiency affect the supply of and demand for power?Learn more As the focus shifts towards renewables, it's crucial for both power generators and developers to grasp the implications of evolving trends in power commodities, including wind, solar, coal and gas. Whether you're negotiating power purchase agreements or seeking project financing, having access to dependable, trusted power pricing forecasts and renewable energy insights is essential for your success. Learn more Manufacturers must keep a close eye on emerging markets, and with the focus shifting to renewables, it’s never been more important to arm yourself with the insights you need to stay informed and fine-tune your strategies. Use our power and renewables services to identify growth opportunities in emerging markets, accurately quantify market share and assess operational performance in established markets. As a trusted market leader, we deliver the depth and breadth of coverage across power, renewable, and transition technologies to help you confidently navigate towards a sustainable future. Connecting you to points along the electricity value chain, we serve: Accurately forecast power pricing and valuations using trusted, comprehensive data & insights across global markets. Access market intelligence that provides unparalleled depth in the wind energy value chain. Understand the factors shaping solar markets and steer your organisation towards the biggest opportunities. Integrate capabilities from new technologies into your planning for the next-generation electric grid. Uncover energy storage technologies and business models that are changing the dynamic of today's power system. The industry standard for critical decision-support. Our experienced, highly specialised consultants work directly with you to address challenges across a wide range of areas, including: Learn more  Prashant Khorana, Director, Power & Renewables Consulting In-depth insight and forward-looking analysis of the upstream oil and gas sector at the asset and country level. Empowering resilient portfolios, starting with exploration. Critical insights to shape decarbonisation strategies. Loading... Inspiring naturalresources decisions.