Find anything you save across the site in your account  Find anything you save across the site in your account   There's no lack of information on the Kardashians out there. Open up any of your social media apps and chances are you'll see their famous last name plastered in a headline. But while everyone focuses on Kim's new book of selfies, Selfish, or Kylie's lip-gate, we have more pressing intel on something that the fans really want to know: What is that salad the Kardashians are always eating on Keeping Up With the Kardashians?! This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from. We have the answer: The Kardashian clan chomps on two different salads from a little shop called Health Nut in Woodland Hills, Calif. (just on the border of Calabasas, where they live). One is a simple Chef Salad with chicken, romaine and iceberg lettuce, shredded mozzarella, tomatoes, sprouts, and sunflower seeds, while the other is a Chinese Chicken Salad with chow mein noodles, pickled ginger, and carrots on romaine and iceberg lettuce. And that tea they drink? It's called a Mango Greentini, which consists of green tea, mango juice, and honey. This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from. I recently popped into Health Nut to try out the goods and find out why the Kardashians can't get enough of them. We sat down with longtime Health Nut employee Eura Chai, who told us the Kardashians frequent the establishment on a weekly basis (and sure enough, Khloe's assistant, Malika Haqq, stopped in to pick up a to-go order an hour later). You can watch the full blow-by-blow in this video: If you'd like my opinion, the salads and the mango green tea were delicious. It either had to do with the freshness of the ingredients, the homemade salad dressings, or perhaps the fact that I was just that much closer to keeping up with the Kardashians. Watch makeup genius Kandee Johnson transform into Kim K. in 30 seconds! More from Glamour See More Stories © 2024 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices