There are numerous reasons why actors have been replaced in movies and TV shows. Some stars step in to play the same character after scheduling conflicts arise and the original actor has to leave. Sometimes the celebrity doesn't agree with the script and leaves of their own accord. Other times, set drama results in an actor being fired and a new character is introduced.  Keep reading to see 40 examples of actors stepping in for each other for various TV and film projects. Anjelica Oswald contributed to a previous version of this story. Oscar-nominated actress Annette Bening was originally cast in the movie but dropped out before filming began after becoming pregnant. "We were a little bit in a panic because we'd fitted the costumes and the mask and everything and then Annette was pregnant," said producer Denise Di Novi in "Batman: The Definitive History of the Dark Knight in Comics, Film, and Beyond." Pfeiffer was cast so late in the process that she actually used some of the clothing made for Bening. In 2018, Boseman recounted how he was fired from a TV show early in his career during a Howard University commencement speech after questioning negative stereotypes of his role, though he didn't identify the show. Years later when Boseman and Jordan co-starred in Marvel's "Black Panther" together, they were asked about playing the same role as Reggie Porter on ABC's "All My Children." Boseman admitted to The Wrap that he was fired from the network soap. "They said, 'You are too much trouble,' but they took my suggestions, or some of them. And for me, honestly, that's what this is about," Boseman said at the time about helping to shape the new version of Reggie Porter. Jordan would go on to play Reggie, who on the show eventually became the adopted son of Susan Lucci's Erica Kane and Jackson Montgomery, for four years through 2006. Foy has played Queen Elizabeth for the first two seasons of the Netflix drama, but because the third and fourth seasons portray the middle-aged Queen, a casting change was needed.  Fans first met The Mountain when he was played by Conan Stevens on season one. He was recast for season two and Ian Whyte took over. Whyte has played a few other characters on the HBO show, including some White Walkers and the giant Wun Wun. Strongman Hafþór Júlíus Björnsson took over once more in season three and has stayed in the role since.  When Daenerys first met Daario, Skrein portrayed the sellsword. But the actor chose to step away from the series to pursue a film career. He was cast in "The Transporter: Refueled." Huisman then stepped in.  Read more about recasting on "Game of Thrones" here.  Lecy Goranson was cast as the original Becky and played her through season five, but she quit the show to attend Vassar College and Sarah Chalke came in to replace her. The show was expected to end with its eighth season, so Goranson returned with Chalke and her alternating the character as a running gag. Chalke then continued as the character during the show's ninth and final season. Goranson reprised her character when "Roseanne" returned for a revival. Chalke returned in a different, brief role. Goranson continues to play her on "The Conners." Butler had to leave his role on The CW show due to scheduling conflicts with "13 Reasons Why."  Melton told INSIDER that he didn't focus on Butler's portrayal of the character on the first season because he was told not to.  "I went in during the audition process, it was like the second audition, and I had a session with Roberto," Melton said. "I watched the show to kind of get a feel of it, and Roberto [Aguirre-Sacasa] was like, 'Don't watch anything. Don't watch what Ross [Butler] did. What you're doing is completely different.' He was steering me to not throw myself off by trying to emulate somebody else." When Grimes suddenly left the show, HBO issued a statement saying it was due to "the creative direction of the character." BuzzFeed later reported that he left because he was unwilling to play a gay character, and the writers weren't willing to change the character's romantic future with Lafayette. Grimes' publicist told BuzzFeed it was scheduling.    Holmes declined to return for the sequel in order to pursue other projects, but she told MTV that she didn't regret her decision.  "I had a great experience working with Chris Nolan [and] I'm sure it's going to be a great movie, [but] I chose to do this movie ['Mad Money'], and I'm really proud of it," she said.  During an interview on "Watch What Happens Live," Howard revealed that the money offer he had originally received for the movie deals weren't up to par when he went to resign for the second one — and blamed star Robert Downey Jr. for the difference. "It turns out that the person I helped become Iron Man...when it was time to re-up for the second one, [he] took the money that was supposed to go to me and pushed me out," he said. "We did a three-picture deal, so that means that you did the deal ahead of time. It was going to be a certain amount for the first one, a certain amount for the second one, a certain amount for the third. They came to me with the second and said, 'Look, we will pay you one-eighth of what we contractually had for you, because we think the second one will be successful with or without you.' And I called my friend — that I helped get the first job — and he didn't call me back for three months." Cheadle has played Rhodey/War Machine in all subsequent films.  Marvel reacquired rights to the character after Bana's turn in 2003. Instead of a sequel, the Hulk was rebooted with Norton. Marvel decided to recast the Hulk once more and Ruffalo stepped in, playing the hero since. In a 2014 interview with NPR, Norton said he was glad he wasn't involved with the superhero anymore.  "My feeling was that I experimented and experienced what I wanted to. I really, really enjoyed it," he said. "And yet, I looked at the balance of time in life that one spends not only making those sorts of films but then especially putting them out, and the obligations that rightly come with that…I think you can sort of do anything once, but if you do it too many times, it can become a suit that's hard to take off, in other people's eyes." In "Avengers: Endgame," Red Skull surprisingly returned, but Hugo Weaving did not. Though it sounds like Hugo Weaving's voice in the film, it wasn't him. The character was actually voiced by "The Walking Dead" actor Ross Marquand, who happens to be a great impressionist.  The time jump on the ABC drama introduced an adult Henry as an Uber driver in Seattle.  Lefevre said she was "stunned" by the news that she was to be recast in the "Twilight" movies in a statement to Access Hollywood.  "I was fully committed to the 'Twilight' saga, and to the portrayal of Victoria. I turned down several other film opportunities and, in accordance with my contractual rights, accepted only roles that would involve very short shooting schedules," she said. "I was happy with my contract with Summit and was fully prepared to continue to honor it. Summit chose simply to recast the part." The studio responded and said it was due to her withholding her scheduling conflicts from them. Harris died after the second movie had been filmed. He was 72.  Kelly was introduced as Laurie during season one of "That '70s Show," but abruptly left the show during season three and was written out by having Laurie go off to beauty school. Kelly briefly returned on season five but was replaced by Moore for a couple episodes of season six.  In a 2012 interview, Kelly told ABC News that she left because of alcohol abuse brought on by the loss of a child.   "I had lost a baby," she said. "As a result of that I lost it. I lost everything and I was abusing alcohol. With 'That '70s Show,' I was guilty of a drinking problem. And I ran."  Peter Capaldi portrayed the Time Lord for three seasons. The Doctor's ability to regenerate his body allows the character to easily be portrayed by numerous actors over time.  Helene Beesly first made an appearance on season two's second episode, "Sexual Harassment," played by Shannon Cochran. Linda Purl took over as Helene on season six with the "Niagara" episodes.   Rusich played Trudy in a lot of short flashbacks. When they decided to recast for a more significant role, the producers looked for an actress who looked similar to Rusich. After narrowing the search down to five actresses, they chose Hardin.  "[She] just knocked us out. She had an angelic quality without being too syrupy or heavy-handed," director Randy Zisk said in "The Official Episode Guide." "It's a softness that we like, because Trudy would definitely have that quality." Hubert's exit from the show was controversial, and was due in part to a feud with executives and Will Smith. In 2011, she told TMZ she would never do a reunion with the cast because "I will never do anything with an asshole like Will Smith." Star Alfonso Ribiero shared a cast reunion photo again in 2017 and Hubert went on another tirade against the cast.  "I have no interest in seeing any of these people on that kind of level," she wrote on her Facebook page.     The recasting of Jonas' character was one of multiple recastings on the sitcom, including the actress who played Tim Allen's oldest daughter. According to TVLine, Pitt chose to step away from the role and Anderson took over.  Austin explained on Twitter that he wanted to pursue "roles with more substantive content."  Aml Ameen played the sensate on the show's first season, but it was announced that he was being recast for the show's Christmas special and subsequent second season. Deadline reported at the time of his departure that "creative differences" led to the switch. Toby Onwumere was cast within a week due to Ameen's abrupt departure.  Sources told CinemaBlend that Weisz left the film due to problems with the script.  According to Flavorwire, series creator Mitch Hurwitz thought about having a different actress play Ann in each episode to show how "unmemorable" she was, but they ended up just having the two actresses.  Kaitlin was shipped off to boarding school during season one and Holland began playing the character when she returned for the third season.    Bruns was recast because they wanted a harsher take on Jerry's dad, but Bruns' first episode wasn't reshot.  Hayes announced in June that she wouldn't be returning to the show, and in August, CBS confirmed that her character would be killed off before the new season and would be handled after a time jump. Fans weren't pleased with how her death played out, and star Kevin James' reasoning for why she was killed has also been poorly received. Remini didn't take over the character role, but she did replace Hayes as a regular on the CBS sitcom. Sheen was fired from the show in March 2011 after his off-set antics landed him in hot water.   Doherty was fired from the show and was known to not get along with the cast and crew. According to Entertainment Weekly, Doherty cut her hair halfway through filming an episode without informing anyone, and that was the last straw.  Doherty's character was killed off after it was decided that she would be leaving the show early. According to ABC News, Spelling TV made a statement urging Doherty to pursue other projects. "We have had a long and prosperous relationship with Shannen and we didn't want to hold her back from what she wanted to do," the statement read.  In an interview following her departure Doherty said, "There was too much drama on the set and not enough passion for the work. I'm 30 years old and I don't have time for drama in my life anymore." McGowan joined the cast as the long-lost younger sister.    Greg hasn't been seen since season two, but he's coming back for the show's fifth and final season. He left when Fontana asked to leave the show. Astin's takeover of the character will not be ignored, Rachel Bloom said.  "We don't want to spoil it too much," she said, according to The Hollywood Reporter. "It will be a great statement on how our perception of people changes. Greg is a barometer of how people's perceptions changes. It'll have been two years since Rebecca's seen him." The CW announced that Ana Brenda Contreras would play the "real" Cristal on the second season of the soap opera after leaving Cristal's fate up-in-the-air after a fire. Kelley had announced that she wouldn't be returning to the series before the network was ready during an an interview with "E! News." "Is it a coma? Is it death? … I actually don't know," she said. "But I know that I’m not going to Atlanta in July, that I’m staying [in LA]…. I’ve got my life back." Executive producer Andrew Kreisberg said that Benanti couldn't continue on the show because "work commitments in [New York]." Benanti later tweeted, "I loved working on this show and will miss it so much! Right now it's time for me to be supermom to my own little one in NYC." Durance played Lois Lane on "Smallville." Though a number of young children were swapped to play Judith as a baby and toddler on "TWD," the Garcia-Frizzi twins played the role from seasons six through nine.  When the show moved forward in time, "Star Wars" actress Cailey Fleming joined the show as one of the new leads. You may recognize her from her role as Young Rey in "The Force Awakens." "We did a very wide-ranging search for Judith. We had so many amazing little girls audition, just so much talent regionally," showrunner Angela Kang told Insider. "Cailey just had the most amazing read. Me, and the other executive producers, we all just sparked to her. She just had this kind of liveliness and light and such intelligence in her eyes, and just made such great choices." "Samantha was with us on set and was amazing. It was only in post-production, when we started editing, that we realized that what the character/movie needed was different from what Samantha and I had created together," director Spike Jonze said in an email statement to Vulture. "We recast and since then Scarlett has taken over that role." The film's producer, David Heyman, said the little bear from Peru needed a "slightly more open, and younger voice." Whishaw, who took over the role, told The Daily Mail he was originally a bit hesitant to take it on. "I resisted a little bit, because I had a bad experience doing this kind of work in the past and I thought I was no good at it. But I was persuaded to go, slightly grudgingly," Whishaw said.  It seemed like they knew what they were doing. 2018's "Paddington" became the best-reviewed movie on Rotten Tomatoes of all time. When Spacey faced allegations of sexual harassment from more than a dozen men, the actor was removed from the 2017 movie about oil tycoon J. Paul Getty.  Instead of shelving the film, director Ridley Scott filmed about 400 new shots over nine days with Plummer recast in the role. "We were pressured with time, and the two gave very different performances, so it wasn't just a question of replacing [Spacey with Plummer]," editor Claire Simpson told The Hollywood Reporter. "The rhythm was very different, his emphasis on the dialogue was very different, and that impacted the other performances in the scene. So we decided to replace complete scenes." Plummer received a best supporting Oscar nominee for his performance. Depp was asked to resign from his role as the dark wizard, Gellert Grindelwald, in the "Harry Potter" prequel series. The actor stepped down from the role days after losing a libel suit against the publishers of UK newspaper The Sun for describing him as a "wife beater" in connection to ex-wife Amber Heard. A Warner Bros. representative confirmed to Insider Depp's role in the franchise will be recast. Despite resigning, Depp will reportedly receive his full eight-figure salary for the film due to his "pay or play" contract, according to The Hollywood Reporter. According to Deadline, "Hannibal" actor Mads Mikkelsen is in talks to take over the role. 
                                Read next
                               Jump to