 By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy. Sign InUp with your social account We won't post to any of your accounts Your password must include: Sign InUp with your social account We won't post to any of your accounts Your password must include: Time to replay! Taylor Swift has officially confirmed that, yes, Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds‘ eldest daughter, James, is on her new Reputation track “Gorgeous.” Last month, Swifties speculated that the 2-year-old was the adorable voice featured in the beginning of the song. In her album booklet, she wrote: “Baby intro voice by James Reynolds.” (The couple are also parents of daughter Ines, 13 months.) Swift, 27, dropped “Gorgeous,” which is the third single off her sixth album, on October 20. The love tune, of course, is about the singer’s boyfriend, Joe Alwyn. 



Thank You!
You have successfully subscribed.



Subscribe to newsletters





				Subscribe			

By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly







 


Deal of the Day

			Embrace Brat Summer With This Lime Green Mini Dress, now Just $9!		

			View Deal		






Check our latest news in Google News

Follow Us








Check our latest news in Apple News

Follow Us




 You have successfully subscribed. By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly Check our latest news in Google News Check our latest news in Apple News Swift and Lively, 30, first became fast friends in 2015. Lively and Reynolds, 41, celebrated the Fourth of July with Swift and her then-boyfriend Tom Hiddleston at her Rhode Island home last year and the pair are even mentioned in her “Look What You Made Me Do” music video. In one scene, she recreated the “Junior Jewels” top she wore in her 2008 “You Belong With Me” music video. Look close enough and you’ll see “Blake & Ryan” written in marker on her shoulder. Other stars who are still in her squad? Selena Gomez, Lena Dunham, Gigi Hadid, Ed Sheeran and her childhood BFF Abigail Anderson. Tell Us: What do you think about Reputation? You have successfully subscribed. By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly You have successfully subscribed. By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly Us Weekly has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services. You have successfully subscribed. By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly Us Weekly is part of Part of the a360media Entertainment Group. © a360media 2024Powered by WordPress VIP