terms terms of use privacy privacy policy cookie settings cookie settings ca privacy california privacy site map site map public notice public notice accessibility statement accessibility statement COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Complex All Rights Reserved. Issa Rae is just like the rest of us when it comes to being in Rihanna's presence. The 'Insecure' creator told Stephen Colbert that she got flustered when she met the bad gyal at the Met Gala. Issa Rae won a Peabody Award for her Emmy–nominated series Insecure. But even she gets a little tongue-tied in front of Rihanna. On The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, Rae explained she ran into Riri at the Met Gala. Although the two have already met, it didn't stop Rae from getting a bit flustered. "I just saw her sitting at the table and I had had a few drinks," explained Rae around the 1:50 mark above. "So I was like 'Rihanna's over there, let me go say hi, she knows me, we homegirls.' And I went up to her and I was like, you know, tapped her. And she was so friendly and nice, I wasn't expecting that, and she was like 'Hey girl, good to see you!' And I was like 'Uh...oh...we're, uh...' and just excused myself and walked away. So any chance that we had to be best friends, I ruined it with my drunken nervousness, starstruck-ness." This likely won't be the last time the two cross paths though since Rae is supposed to be writing a Twitter-conceived heist film starring Lupita Nyong'o and Rihanna. In the meantime, the two definitely have at least one thing in common—they've both been pursued by Drake. While RiRi made it clear she's not interested in the Toronto rapper, Rae once again stated she did not turn him down at the Golden Globes.  "I was heading to the HBO party, as I should, and he [Drake] was leaving the HBO party. And so we crossed paths and he said the most magical words ever. He was like 'I've been looking for you all night.' And I was like 'You talking about me?' And he was like 'I'm about to go to this Netflix party, do you want to go?' And I was like 'Oh I have to go stop in the HBO party' because they're the network that puts my show on, I couldn't just ditch the party and go to Netflix party even though that's what I really wanted to do. So I was like 'I'll catch you at that party.' That was it. Then I went to the party and all of a sudden blogs were reporting that I turned him down which would never happen." Luckily, that didn't stop Rae from turning up in Drake's "Nice for What" video alongside a ton of other famous women, which she called it a "dream come true." As for her critically-acclaimed HBO series Insecure, Rae told Colbert her mom stopped watching after a few racy scenes in season 2. Season 3 is slated to begin this Sunday at 10:30 p.m. with undoubtedly more scenes for Rae's mom to frown at.  SHARE THIS STORY Got something to say? Sign up for the Your leading source for what’s now and what’s next in Music, Style, Sports, and Pop Culture. By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our  and   | BY MARK ELIBERT 'Alien: Romulus' San Diego Comic-Con Panel Terrorized by Animatronic Face-Huggers and Chest-Bursters  | BY TARA MAHADEVAN ‘Deadpool & Wolverine’ Earns $205 Million in Opening Weekend  | BY ALEX OCHO Ben Affleck Buys $20.5 Million L.A. Mansion Amid Jennifer Lopez Split Rumors  | BY ABEL SHIFFERAW Robert Downey Jr. to Play Doctor Doom in 2 ‘Avengers’ Movies  | BY MARK ELIBERT Francis Ford Coppola Captured on Camera Kissing ‘Megalopolis’ Extras, Crew Members Detail Highly Inappropriate Behavior on Set  | BY ALEX OCHO Justin and Hailey Bieber Share Photos From Babymoon in The Bahamas  | BY BRAD CALLAS Warner Bros. Eyes 'Transformers' Filmmaker Steven Caple Jr. to Direct 'I Am Legend' Sequel  | BY MARK ELIBERT Bianca Censori Pushes the Limit With Micro Bikini Top, Breaking Hotel Dress Code  | BY TARA MAHADEVAN Justin Timberlake’s Attorney Says He 'Was Not Intoxicated’ During DWI Arrest: 'Police Make Mistakes'  | BY COMPLEX STAFF A Michael Bay ‘Skibidi Toilet’ Movie Makes Perfect Sense