By "any means possible", including Greyhound buses and NASCAR pit stops Jared Leto has been hitchhiking across America to promote his band 30 Seconds To Mars‘ new album, which is titled ‘America’. ‘America’ is the group’s fifth record to date and follows on from 2013’s ‘Love, Lust, Faith and Dreams’. It will be released on Friday (April 6). A press release details how Leto has intended to “travel across America” by “any means possible” for a week to promote the release, stating that the actor-turned-singer has been using transport methods ranging from “trains, planes, automobiles, Greyhound bus, Lyft rides, bicycles” to “NASCAR pit stops and more”. Leto has been visiting “unique destinations that showcase the title subject of the band’s album” and, to “further showcase what America is made of”, has given out genetic testing kits along the way. Leto appeared on The Tonight Show earlier this week to kick off his journey, which saw A$AP Rocky giving him a ride. Watch that clip beneath.  During his stop in Austin, Leto performed outside coffee shops while backed by a choir. See footage of his performances below. So @JaredLeto showed up to Cherrywood Coffee for a @KidsGroove event.  #Austin is crazy sometimes.#JaredLeto#Austin#KidsInANewGroove pic.twitter.com/lq7vfpPOor — Mike Hidalgo (@musicquestmike) April 5, 2018  When you don't know what a grackle is… ? #MarsAcrossAmerica #KVUE  JARED LETO PERFORMS AT JO'S COFFEE ==> https://t.co/eVTS4sO5tq pic.twitter.com/1NR60K0vfE — KVUE News (@KVUE) April 5, 2018  Last week saw AJ Tracey team up with 30 Seconds To Mars at their show in London. 








 Tracey came out during the O2 gig to perform a mash-up of his hit ‘Pasta’ with 30 Seconds To Mars’ track ‘Walk On Water’. The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952. 
    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more
 
    © 2024 NME is part of NME Networks.
