By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. And we’re off to the races! The Independent Filmmaker Project (IFP) officially kicked off the 2017-18 awards season with this evening’s 27th Annual Gotham Awards, which took place at Cipriani Wall Street in New York City and were hosted by John Cameron Mitchell. Jordan Peele’s “Get Out” proved to be the night’s biggest winner, with three wins, including Best Screenplay, the Audience Award, and Breakthrough Director. Luca Guadagnino’s “Call Me by Your Name” proved victorious in the Best Feature category, winning out against a stacked list of competitors. Earlier in the night, star Timothee Chalamet won the Breakthrough Actor award for his star-making turn in the romance.  








Related Stories 2024 Gotham TV Awards Nominations Include ‘Baby Reindeer,’ ‘The Curse,’ and More With Lulu Wang, Peter Morgan, and Mariska Hargitay Being Honored The Gothams Add a New Awards Ceremony — This One, Just for TV  The ceremony’s nomination list was studded with some of the year’s most beloved indies, including “Get Out,” “Call Me by Your Name,” Greta Gerwig’s “Lady Bird,” Kogonada’s “Columbus,” and Sean Baker’s “The Florida Project.”  In addition to the competitive awards, Gotham Award Tributes were given to actors Nicole Kidman and Dustin Hoffman, director Sofia Coppola, producer Jason Blum, cinematographer Ed Lachman, and a Gotham Humanitarian Tribute to Al Gore. This year’s nomination jury included IndieWire’s own Jude Dry, David Ehrlich, Eric Kohn, and Liz Shannon Miller. Check out all of the winners of the 2017 IFP Gotham Awards below (and indicated in bold and underlined font). Best Feature  “Call Me by Your Name”
“The Florida Project”
“Get Out”
“Good Time”
“I, Tonya” Best Documentary “Ex Libris – The New York Public Library”
“Rat Film”
“Strong Island”
“Whose Streets?”
“The Work” Audience Award “Get Out” Bingham Ray Breakthrough Director Award Maggie Betts for “Novitiate”
Greta Gerwig for “Lady Bird”
Kogonada for “Columbus”
Jordan Peele for “Get Out”
Joshua Z Weinstein for “Menashe” Best Screenplay “The Big Sick,” Emily V. Gordon and Kumail Nanjiani
“Brad’s Status,” Mike White
“Call Me by Your Name,”James Ivory
“Columbus,” Kogonada
“Get Out,” Jordan Peele
“Lady Bird,” Greta Gerwig Best Actor  








 James Franco, “The Disaster Artist”
Willem Dafoe, “The Florida Project”
Daniel Kaluuya, “Get Out”
Robert Pattinson, “Good Time”
Harry Dean Stanton, “Lucky”
Adam Sandler, “The Meyerowitz Stories (New and Selected)” Best Actress Haley Lu Richardson, “Columbus”
Melanie Lynskey, “i don’t feel at home in this world anymore.”
Margot Robbie, “I, Tonya”
Saorise Ronan, “Lady Bird”
Lois Smith, “Marjorie Prime” Special Jury Award For Ensemble Performance “Mudbound,” presented to Carey Mulligan, Garrett Hedlund, Jason Clarke, Jason Mitchell, Mary J. Blige, Rob Morgan, and Jonathan Banks Made in NY Honoree Michael K. Williams Breakthrough Actor Mary J. Blige, “Mudbound”
Timothée Chalamet, “Call Me by Your Name”
Harris Dickinson, “Beach Rats”
Kelvin Harrison, Jr., “It Comes at Night”
Brooklynn Prince, “The Florida Project” Breakthrough Series – Long Form “Atlanta”
“Better Things”
“Dear White People”
“Fleabag”
“Search Party” Breakthrough Series – Short Form “555”
“Inconceivable”
“Junior”
“Let Me Die a Nun”
“The Strange Eyes of Dr. Myes” Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here. By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.