By Joanna Crawley For Mailonline   Published:  08:37 BST, 18 March 2016   |  Updated:  20:13 BST, 18 March 2016      207 View  comments  She's never one to miss an opportunity to share a steamy selfie. And Kim Kardashian celebrated reaching 64million Instagram followers on Thursday by gifting her fans with a signature smouldering shot. The reality star couldn't wait to mark her milestone, thanking her fans with the sultry photo which saw her showing off her glowing skin in an over-the-shoulder pose. Scroll down for video Time to celebrate! Kim Kardashian shared a sultry shot on her Instagram page on Thursday to mark reaching 64million followers Kim, 35, shows off her flawless skin and hair in her latest Instagram shot, looking back over her shoulder to pout at the camera. A nude lip and lashings of mascara and eyeliner accentuate her stunning features, while her dark locks tumble down her back in loose waves. The star is wearing an off-the-shoulder black number, flashing her bra straps, while she accessorises with a black choker.  See Kim Kardashian updates as she celebrates 64m Instagram followers with sultry selfie One hot mama: Kim headed to an appoitment in Beverly Hills on Thursday, busting out of her very low cut dress The mum of two captioned the shot with a message of gratitude for her fans, writing: 'I love you guys! #64mil.' While Kim's follower count has climbed to 64million, she's still a fair way off reaching the new reigning queen of Instagram - Selena Gomez.  This week it was revealed that the 23-year-old passed her best pal Taylor Swift to become the most followed person on the site with a current tally of 70million, while Taylor is at 69.6million. Dressed to the nines: The reality star, who gave birth to son Saint in November, poured her post-pregnancy body into the plunging black number that she paired with fish net tights and towering heels Busting out: She flashed a look at her ample cleavage as she lent over to adjust the hem of the midi-length dress, narrowly avoiding a wardrobe malfunction Kim marked her social media milestone by heading out and about on Thursday in a revealing outfit. Wearing the same ensemble she was snapped in for her Instagram shot, the star paid a visit to a cosmetic dermatology clinic in her daringly low cut dress that revealed her cleavage and the top of a lacy bra. The reality star, who gave birth to son Saint in November, poured her post-pregnancy body into the plunging black number that she paired with fish net tights and towering heels.   Finishing touch: The star added her favourite selfie-covered jacket over her dress   Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group