We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article. The 19-year-old model has just rocked a black pixie crop in the latest campaign for Quay Australia's new eyewear line and it's the perfect ode to her mother.  While Kendall Jenner might be on a mission to make her niece, North West, into the next Nobel Prize-winning feminist scientist, having gifted the four-year-old a science craft book for her recent birthday, it seems her sister Kylie is wanting to pay homage to another leading lady in her life – her 'momager' Kris Jenner.  The 19-year-old beauty mogul has just because the face and creative influence behind Quay Australia's new eyewear line, according to E! News, and the campaign photoshoot served as the perfect opportunity for the reality star to copy her mother's signature look.  In the campaign shots for the brand, Kylie wears a swimsuit and a short black pixie crop, making her look the spitting image of her mother, Kris. However, this isn't the first time the reality star has taken her mother's style for inspiration, having worn the 61-year-old's vintage thong Chanel swimsuit while playing in the pool last summer. She also famously wore her mother's retro pink Body Glove swimsuit for her 18th birthday in Mexico in 2015.  Posting a picture of her daughter in her fuchsia pink swimsuit, Kris took to Instagram and jokingly threatened to ground her daughter for borrowing her swimwear without asking. 'Ohhhhhh so THIS is where my vintage Body Glove bathing suit went!!!! @kyliejenner you are grounded! Wait, i can't do that anymore you're 18....#whoworeitbetter.' With a love of mixing up her hairstyles with rainbow wigs and boxer braids, perhaps a pixie crop might Kylie's next pick for a style make-over?  The QUAYXKYLIE collection will be available 11 July here.  Katie O'Malley is the Site Director on ELLE UK. On a daily basis you’ll find Katie managing all digital workflow, editing site, video and newsletter content, liaising with commercial and sales teams on new partnerships and deals (eg Nike, Tiffany & Co., Cartier etc), implementing new digital strategies and compiling in-depth data traffic, SEO and ecomm reports. In addition to appearing on the radio and on TV, as well as interviewing everyone from Oprah Winfrey to Rishi Sunak PM, Katie enjoys writing about lifestyle, culture, wellness, fitness, fashion, and more. EmRata's Mango Halter Top Is Still In Stock Zendaya's Olympics Party Dress Is Exquisite Rihanna Layers A Diamond Chain Over Her Jersey J.Lo Poses In Low-Cut One-Piece For Birthday Blackpink’s Lisa Is LV’s Newest Ambassador Daisy Edgar-Jones Does Boho Chic In Clogs Blake Lively Takes A Leaf Out Of SJP's Style Book Daisy Edgar-Jones Experiments With Shorts Styles Daisy Edgar-Jones Brings Back Pedal Pushers  Bella Hadid's Latest Bag Is Polished And Practical Zendaya Wears Second Blazer Look To Wimbledon Bella Hadid Does Y2K With A Sporty Low-Rise Look ELLE, PART OF THE HEARST UK FASHION & BEAUTY NETWORK We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article. ©2024 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.