Selena Gomez is going through a bit of a reinvention right now. She's back together with ex Justin Bieber; she's been putting out new music; and, most recently, she dyed her signature dark hair platinum blonde. And, according to the singer herself, it doesn't seem like her metamorphosis is going to stop any time soon. After Selena debuted the stunning new look at the American Music Awards last month, E! News asked the "Wolves" songstress if the blonde dye was here to stay. "She's not going anywhere," she replied, referring to her (apparently female-identifying) strands. Selena added that she's "still getting to know" her new 'do. It's especially wise of her to keep the dye job a little bit longer, seeing as it took so long to achieve the jaw-dropping look in the first place. In a recent Instagram post, Selena's colorists, Nikki Lee and Riawna Capri, called the color "Nirvana Blonde" and revealed that the transformation took a whopping nine hours. Selena has clearly been having fun with her makeover: She added rainbow bangs to her look last week to complement the Minnie Mouse ears she stole from her little sister, and she recently rocked a two-tone updo with a bright yellow dress. Clearly, Sel has come a long way since that mid-2000s hair phase that included chunky blonde highlights and extensions. Hair aside, Selena has been having an overall incredible year. Besides the aforementioned changes, she also went through life-saving kidney transplant surgery and claimed the title of most-followed person on Instagram, scoring half of the top-10 most-liked pictures of the year on the social media app. She's so influential, she recently told Billboard that Kevin Systrom, the co-founder of Instagram, gets mad at her when she doesn't post for a while. Uh, same. More hair pics, Selena! Related: Selena Gomez Goes Braless and Frees the Nipple in London More from Teen Vogue Contact © 2024 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Teen Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices