Create a free profile to get unlimited access to exclusive videos, sweepstakes, and more! The #RHOC mom shuts down the gossip about her husband. After questions about Eddie Judge's sexuality were raised again on Monday's The Real Housewives of Orange County, Tamra Judge headed to Instagram to clap back at anyone questioning her husband or spreading gossip about him. Watch The Real Housewives of Orange County on Thursdays at 9/8c and next day on Peacock. Catch up on the Bravo App. "How orchestrated and wrong was that? The worst acting I've ever seen. They are nothing but homophobic bullies that think it's okay to try and Out a straight man hoping to humiliate him," she wrote. "Well guess what it didn't work! It's Not the 1920's and being gay is not something to be ashamed of or mocked. You should all be ashamed of yourself. We all know who was behind this .... bye."   Only on Tuesdays ðŸŒˆ ðŸ˜‚How orchestrated and wrong was that? The worst acting I've ever seen. They are nothing but homophobic bullies that think it's okay to try and Out a straight man hoping to humiliate him. Well guess what it didn't work ! It's Not the 1920's and being gay is not something to be ashamed of or mocked. You should all be ashamed of yourself. We all know who was behind this .... bye ðŸ‘‹ A post shared by Tamra Judge (@tamrajudge) on Sep 11, 2017 at 7:12pm PDT The conversation about Eddie took place during Monday's episode at Vicki Gunvalson's birthday party attended by OC crew members, past and present (clip above). While sitting around chatting, Tamra's best man at her wedding claimed to have seen Eddie kissing another man when chatting with several of the women, including Vicki, adding fuel to the fire about the gossip.  When Tamra stopped by The Daily Dish HQ earlier this season, she addressed the speculation about her husband. You can watch what she had to say, below.  Get news and updates about your favorite shows, plus 3 free credits to watch locked content. Check your inbox for the latest news and updates about your favorite shows.