This ad from Hillary Clinton's campaign claims, "Trump Management was charged with discriminating against African-Americans and breaking federal law." "True," reports PolitiFact: "The government in 1973 accused Trump, his father and Trump Management of violating the Fair Housing Act, part of the Civil Rights Act of 1968....The government settled the lawsuit....Trump never admitted guilt. But the company did agree to comply with extensive requirements." The Political TV Ad Archive, powered by the Internet Archive, is pulling together resources from a variety of sources to create an archive of political TV ads in key primary states. Each ad has its own canonical web page (sample here), and associated downloadable metadata. Some metadata are added by the Internet Archive; some generated via the media itself (such as count of ads, how many times an ad has aired, etc.); and some come from our partners. Clinton said, "Trump Management was charged with discriminating against African-Americans and breaking federal law." The government in 1973 accused Trump, his father and Trump Management of violating the Fair Housing Act, part of the Civil Rights Act of 1968. The case alleged Trump’s realty company discriminated against non-white tenants and potential tenants at numerous apartment complexes. The government settled the lawsuit, after Trump waged a years-long legal battle, so Trump never admitted guilt. But the company did agree to comply with extensive requirements intended to stop housing discrimination at its properties. Clinton’s claim is carefully phrased. For that, we rate her claim True. by Katie Donnelly Over the past extremely unpredictable election year, the Internet Archive invented new methods and tools to give journalists, researchers, and the public the power to access, scrutinize, share, and thoroughly fact-check political ads, presidential debates, and TV news broadcasts. Our efforts were designed to help citizens better understand the patterns of political messages designed to persuade them […] Guest post by Kalev Leetaru Today the Internet Archive announces a new interactive timeline visualization–the Television Explorer–that lets you trace how any keyword–think “emails”, “tax returns”, “alt-right”–has been covered on U.S. television news over the past half-decade. See the Television Explorer, a new tool for exploring TV News. Over the past year and a half, the GDELT Project and the Internet […]