This ad claiming that African Americans are more likely to be arrested and get longer jail sentences than white people are, from Hillary Clinton's campaign, earned a "true" rating from PolitiFact. The ad has aired widely in South Carolina and Virginia, leading up to the primaries in those states. The Political TV Ad Archive, powered by the Internet Archive, is pulling together resources from a variety of sources to create an archive of political TV ads in key primary states. Each ad has its own canonical web page (sample here), and associated downloadable metadata. Some metadata are added by the Internet Archive; some generated via the media itself (such as count of ads, how many times an ad has aired, etc.); and some come from our partners. Clinton said, "African-Americans are more likely to be arrested by police and sentenced to longer prison terms for doing the same thing that whites do." The research suggests that when you compare what happens to black and whites who are engaging in the same illegal activity and have the same criminal history, African Americans are more likely to be arrested, more likely to face tougher charges, and more likely to receive longer sentences than their caucasian counterparts. We rate the claim as True. by Katie Donnelly Over the past extremely unpredictable election year, the Internet Archive invented new methods and tools to give journalists, researchers, and the public the power to access, scrutinize, share, and thoroughly fact-check political ads, presidential debates, and TV news broadcasts. Our efforts were designed to help citizens better understand the patterns of political messages designed to persuade them […] Guest post by Kalev Leetaru Today the Internet Archive announces a new interactive timeline visualization–the Television Explorer–that lets you trace how any keyword–think “emails”, “tax returns”, “alt-right”–has been covered on U.S. television news over the past half-decade. See the Television Explorer, a new tool for exploring TV News. Over the past year and a half, the GDELT Project and the Internet […]