The labor market is the foundation of income for nearly all working-age families, so when the labor market deteriorates, household income drops. As the figure shows, income for the median working-age household – where the householder is under 65 – dropped by $4,184 between 2007 and 2010.  Furthermore, the Great Recession came on the heels of one of the worst business cycles (2000-2007) on record in terms of job creation, one in which the income of the median working-age household fell $2,113.  Thus, the typical working-age household brought in roughly $6,300 less in 2010 than it did in 2000, a more than 10 percent decline. A lost decade, indeed. *** Click on the figure to enlarge
 Sign up for EPI's newsletter so you never miss our research and insights on ways to make the economy work better for everyone. 




  EPI is an independent, nonprofit think tank that researches the impact of economic trends and policies on working people in the United States. EPI’s research helps policymakers, opinion leaders, advocates, journalists, and the public understand the bread-and-butter issues affecting ordinary Americans. 




 
						1225 Eye St. NW, Suite 600
						Washington, DC 20005
						Phone: 202-775-8810 • epi@epi.org
						© 2024 Economic Policy Institute
Privacy Policy • Contact Us
 Authoritative, up-to-date data on the living standards of American workers. Exploring how race, ethnicity, and class intersect to affect economic outcomes in the United States. There’s an inherent imbalance of bargaining power between employers and employees. Here's how it impacts your workplace—and our democracy. Policy choices have tilted the playing field toward the rich and corporations. Here's how to tilt it back. How do taxes and spending work, and where do you fit in? Interactive tools and videos bringing clarity to the national dialogue on economic inequality. A network of state and local organizations improving workers' lives through research and advocacy. 
Staff
Board of Directors
Jobs at EPI
Contact us
Why give to EPI
Newsroom
Newsletter
Events
Donate
 


						The Economic Policy Institute staff is unionized with the
						Nonprofit Professional Employees Union.
					