
Throughout the history of the Grammy Awards, many significant records have been set. This page only includes the competitive awards which have been won by various artists. This does not include the various special awards that are presented by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences such as Lifetime Achievement Awards, Trustees Awards, Technical Awards or Legend Awards. The page however does include other non-performance related Grammys (known as the Craft & Production Fields) that may have been presented to the artist(s).
 The record for the most Grammy Awards won in a lifetime is held by Beyoncé, an American singer, songwriter, record producer and dancer, who has won 32. It was previously held by Sir Georg Solti, a Hungarian-British conductor, who won 31.
 Beyoncé has won 32 Grammy Awards.
 Sir Georg Solti has won 31 Grammy Awards.
 U2 holds the record for most Grammy Awards won by a group. They have won 22 awards.
 Quincy Jones holds the record for most Grammy Awards won by a producer, with 28 awards. Eleven of these were awarded for production duties; Jones has also received Grammys as an arranger and a performing artist. Some producers have also won awards as engineers, mixers, and/or mastering engineers.
 Jay-Z and Kanye West, each with 24 awards, have won more Grammy Awards than any other rapper. Lauryn Hill is the most awarded female rapper, with eight Grammy Awards.[1]
 Chick Corea, with 27 awards, has won more Grammy Awards than any other jazz artist. Pat Metheny is second with 20 Grammy Awards.
 Al Schmitt and Şerban Ghenea, each with 20 awards, have won more Grammy Awards than any other engineer or mixer.[2]
 With 21 country-specific Grammy Awards, Vince Gill has won more Grammy Awards in the genre than any other artist. Kacey Musgraves has the most country-specific Grammy Awards for female artists with 6.
 The Peasall Sisters are the youngest Grammy winners, when they were credited artists on the O Brother, Where Art Thou? soundtrack, which won Album of the Year in 2002.[7] Blue Ivy Carter is the youngest individually credited winner. She was 9 years old when she won her first award in 2021, after she was credited on her mother Beyoncé's song "Brown Skin Girl", released in 2019. LeAnn Rimes is the youngest individual winner. She was 14 years old when she won her first two awards in 1997.  She was also the first country artist to win the Best New Artist Grammy.
 Billie Eilish is the youngest artist to win Album of the Year as a lead. She was 18 years old, while winning for her album When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go? in 2020.
 At 18 years of age, Billie Eilish became the youngest artist to win Record of the Year when she won for "Bad Guy" in 2020.
 At 17 years of age, Lorde became the youngest artist to win Song of the Year when she won for "Royals" in 2014.
 At 14 years of age, LeAnn Rimes became the youngest Best New Artist winner when she won in 1997.
 Pinetop Perkins is the oldest person to win a Grammy. In 2011 he was awarded with Best Traditional Blues Album for Joined at the Hip, at 97 years of age.
 Note: Sources vary on the birth year of Elizabeth Cotten, with some stating it as 1893, while others say 1895. The above information credits it as 1895. With either year, Cotten is the oldest female Grammy winner.
 Santana's Supernatural and U2's How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb hold the record for most honoured album having won nine awards. Supernatural won nine awards in 2000 and How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb won three awards in 2005 and won a further six in 2006 giving it a total of nine awards.
 The record for most Album of the Year wins is five. One engineer/mixer;
 One artist, one engineer/mixer and two mastering engineers have won the award four times;
 Three recording artists, five record producers, three engineer/mixers and one mastering engineer have won the award three times;
 The record for most Record of the Year wins is four. One mastering engineer has won the award four consecutive times;
 Two recording artists and four engineers/mixers have won the award three times;
 The record for the most Song of the Year wins is two. Fourteen songwriters have won in this category twice;
 Beyoncé has won eight consecutive awards for eight consecutive studio albums (including Everything Is Love).
 Alison Krauss and Union Station, Pat Metheny (along with the Pat Metheny Group), and The Manhattan Transfer have won seven consecutive awards for seven consecutive studio albums.
 There have been only three artists who have won all four General Field awards: Album of the Year, Record of the Year, Song of the Year, and Best New Artist.
 In 1981, Christopher Cross became the first artist to win all four awards, as well as the first act to win them all in a single year.[8]
 In 2009, Adele won Best New Artist, and she earned the three other awards in both 2012 and 2017. She was the second artist to win all four accolades throughout her career.[9]
 In 2020, Billie Eilish became the third musician to win all four awards and the first female artist to win them during a single ceremony.[10]
 The record for most Grammys won in one night is eight. Michael Jackson won eight in 1984 and is the only solo artist to do so. The group Santana tied with Michael Jackson’s record in 2000.[11][12]
 The record for most Grammys won by a male artist in one night is eight. Michael Jackson won eight in 1984.
 The record for most Grammys won by a female artist in one night is six. Beyoncé and Adele each won six in 2010 and 2012, respectively.
 The record for most Grammys won by a group artist in one night is eight. Santana won eight in 2000.
 The record for most awards won by a producer in one night is six. The record was set by Quincy Jones who won six awards in 1991, including Album of the Year, Best Arrangement On An Instrumental, Best Instrumental Arrangement Accompanying Vocal(s), Best Jazz Fusion Performance, Best Pop Instrumental Performance, Best Rap Performance By A Duo Or Group, as well as Producer of the Year, Non-Classical for his own studio album Back on the Block.[13]
 Finneas O'Connell tied the record in 2020, winning Producer of the Year, Non-Classical and five additional awards, including Record of the Year, Album of the Year, Song of the Year, Best Engineered Album, Non-Classical, and Best Pop Vocal Album for his contribution on Billie Eilish's When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go?.[14]
 The most Grammys won by an engineer or mixer in one night is six. At the 59th Annual Grammy Awards in 2017, Tom Elmhirst won Record of the Year, Album of the Year, Best Pop Vocal Album, Best Rock Album, Best Alternative Music Album, as well as Best Engineered Album, Non-Classical for his work on Adele's 25, Cage the Elephant's Tell Me I'm Pretty, and David Bowie's Blackstar respectively.[15]
 Christopher Cross (1981) and Billie Eilish (2020) are the only artists who have received all four General Field awards in one night.[16]
 The three biggest Grammy Awards are Album of the Year, Record of the Year, and Song of the Year. Eight artists have won all three in one night. Adele is the first and only artist in Grammy history to accomplish this feat twice.
 The most awards awarded to an album in one night is nine. At the 42nd Annual Grammy Awards in 2000 Santana's Supernatural was awarded nine awards. It won Record of the Year, Album of the Year, Song of the Year, Best Pop Collaboration with Vocals, Best Pop Instrumental Performance, Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals, Best Rock Instrumental Performance, Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal, and Best Rock Album.
 Ray Charles holds the record for most posthumous awards won in one night. He was awarded five Grammy Awards at the 47th Annual Grammy Awards in 2005, including both Record of the Year and Album of the Year. 
 Beyoncé and Jay-Z tie for the record for the most Grammy nominations with 88 each.[17]
 Michael Jackson and Babyface hold the record for most Grammy nominations in one night with 12 nominations each.
 With 20 nominations, Chris Gehringer has received the most Grammy nominations without winning.
 The record for most Grammy nominations without a win in one night is 9, held by Paul McCartney. The record was set in 1966.
 Only thirteen artists have been nominated for all four General Field awards in one night. Lizzo is the oldest person to be nominated for all four awards in one night, at 31 years old; while the youngest person to be nominated is Billie Eilish at 17 years old. Both were nominated in 2020, making it the first time that two artists were nominated for all four awards in one night. In 1968, Bobbie Gentry became the first person and first female artist to be nominated for all four awards, followed by Christopher Cross in 1981 and Fun. in 2013, becoming the first male artist and first group to be nominated, respectively. In addition, Finneas O'Connell was nominated for all four General Field awards in 2022, but he was not credited as a performing artist in three of the four categories.
 Hazel Monét is the youngest ever Grammy nominee, receiving a nomination for Best Traditional R&B Performance as a featured artist on her mother Victoria Monét's song "Hollywood".
