Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter Take a look at the movies and TV shows that will be available on the streaming service in Feb. 2018. 
							By 

	Zoe Haylock
 Less than a month after premiering at Sundance, Netflix's highly-anticipated Gloria Allred documentary, Seeing Allred, will be released on the streaming platform.  Also coming to Netflix this month is Duncan Jones' Mute, starring Alexander Skarsgard, Paul Rudd and Justin Theroux. Additionally, fan-favorite library titles like American Pie, Goodfellas, Kill Bill: Vols. 1 and 2, Lincoln, Meet the Parents, Men in Black, The Hurt Locker and the Ocean's trilogy will start streaming for Netflix subscribers. February's lineup is full of comedians and their new shows or specials. The Joel McHale Show With Joel McHale, Marlon Wayans: Woke-ish, My Next Guest Needs No Introduction With David Letterman: George Clooney, Fred Armisen: Standup For Drummers and more will launch in the coming month.  TV series with new seasons hitting the streaming service include Netflix originals Altered Carbon, Everything Sucks!, Marseille, Seven Seconds, David Chang's Ugly Delicious and the streaming service's Queer Eye reboot. Missed last month? See Netflix’s January 2018 releases here. Take a look below at the complete list of February movie and TV additions. 3000 Miles to Graceland
	42 Grams
Aeon Flux
	American Pie
	American Pie 2
	American Pie Presents: Band Camp
	American Pie Presents: The Book of Love
	American Pie Presents: The Naked Mile
	Ella Enchanted
	Extract
Goodfellas
	How the Beatles Changed the World
The Hurt Locker
	John Mellencamp: Plain Spoken
	Kill Bill: Vol. 1
	Kill Bill: Vol. 2
	Lara Croft: Tomb Raider
	Liberated: The New Sexual Revolution
	Lovesick
	Meet the Fockers
	Meet the Parents
	Men in Black
	National Parks Adventure
	Ocean's Eleven
Ocean's Twelve
	Ocean's Thirteen
	Paint It Black
	Scream 3
	Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story
	Z Nation: Season 4 Altered Carbon: Season 1
	Cabin Fever
	Coach Snoop: Season 1
Kavin Jay: Everybody Calm Down!
	Luna Petunia: Return to Amazia: Season 1
	On Body and Soul Fred Armisen: Standup For Drummers
	Valor: Season 1 Imposters: Season 1
	Queer Eye: Season 1 6 Days
	The Emoji Movie   Fate/Apocrypha: Part 2
	My Next Guest Needs No Introduction With David Letterman: George Clooney
	Seeing Allred
	The Ritual
	The Trader (Sovdagari)
	When We First Met   Greenhouse Academy: Season 2
	Love Per Square Foot Deep Undercover Collection: Collection 2
	Re:Mind: Season 1 DreamWorks Dragons: Race to the Edge: Season 6
	Evan Almighty
	Everything Sucks!: Season 1
	First Team: Juventus: Season 1
Irreplaceable You Blood Money The Joel McHale Show With Joel McHale Dismissed
	FullMetal Alchemist   Bates Motel: Season 5
	The Frankenstein Chronicles: Season 1 and Season 2 The Bachelors
	Forgotten
	Lincoln
	  Atomic Puppet: Season 1  Marseille: Season 2
	Mute
	Seven Seconds: Season 1
	Ugly Delicious: Season 1 Jeepers Creepers 3 El Vato: Season 2
	Heyday of the Insensitive Bastards
	People You May Know
	Sin Senos sí Hay Paraíso: Season 2
	Winnie Derren Brown: The Push
	Marlon Wayans: Woke-ish
	  Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter Send us a tip using our anonymous form.