terms terms of use privacy privacy policy cookie settings cookie settings ca privacy california privacy site map site map public notice public notice accessibility statement accessibility statement COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Complex All Rights Reserved. Kim Zolciak-Biermann has some advice for those offended by her recently tweeted oral sex joke about her adult daughter: Unfollow. This just in: Some people can't take a joke, even when said joke is very clearly a joke. Kim Zolciak-Biermann, current Don't Be Tardy star and former Real Housewives of Atlanta cast member, hit up Chrissy Teigen on Twitter Wednesday with a tongue-in-cheek offer of oral sex on behalf of her 20-year-old daughter Brielle in exchange for meeting John Legend at one of his shows: @chrissyteigen sooo ur hubby is comin to ATL may19 & Kash is beyond OBSESSED w him! who does Brielle have to blow in order to meet him?? LOL Teigen replied with a joke of her own, telling Zolciak-Biermann "it's not that good of a show" and that tickets could be acquired without the utilization of oral sex: Disgusting as fuck! Thats her daughter..smfh #classless guess mama wants her daughter to find her a " big papa" too Without fail, some attempted to criticize the joke as if oral sex were actually being used as a currency: Brielle is too young for a "joke" this crass. Never in a million would I involve my daughter in a BJ joke. You're both better than this. Just a suggestion, but you know you can just go on Ticketmaster and not pimp out your daughter? So it's cool for her mom to pimp her out to 'whoever she has to blow' people only have a sense of humor when it benefits them i just wanna know where u found this pic of me from 5 years ago... no wonder everyone's making a big deal out of this! i look 12! https://t.co/nkgO3Q7AfY BRB. I need to take a sighing break. For the record, Brielle is cool with the joke: And she isn't a fan of some publications' coverage methods: Zolciak-Biermann later toldTMZ that anyone who regularly pays attention to her account would know that's simply her "sense of humor." She also had a message for those still up in arms about the tweet: "If you can't take a joke, feel free to unfollow," she said Thursday. So let's all just shut the fuck up about it. If you don't like what a celebrity tweets, unfollow their account and go about your life as if it never happened. Deal? Great. There are more important things going on. SHARE THIS STORY Got something to say? Sign up for the Your leading source for what’s now and what’s next in Music, Style, Sports, and Pop Culture. By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our  and   | BY MARK ELIBERT 'Alien: Romulus' San Diego Comic-Con Panel Terrorized by Animatronic Face-Huggers and Chest-Bursters  | BY TARA MAHADEVAN ‘Deadpool & Wolverine’ Earns $205 Million in Opening Weekend  | BY ALEX OCHO Ben Affleck Buys $20.5 Million L.A. Mansion Amid Jennifer Lopez Split Rumors  | BY ABEL SHIFFERAW Robert Downey Jr. to Play Doctor Doom in 2 ‘Avengers’ Movies  | BY MARK ELIBERT Francis Ford Coppola Captured on Camera Kissing ‘Megalopolis’ Extras, Crew Members Detail Highly Inappropriate Behavior on Set  | BY ALEX OCHO Justin and Hailey Bieber Share Photos From Babymoon in The Bahamas  | BY BRAD CALLAS Warner Bros. Eyes 'Transformers' Filmmaker Steven Caple Jr. to Direct 'I Am Legend' Sequel  | BY MARK ELIBERT Bianca Censori Pushes the Limit With Micro Bikini Top, Breaking Hotel Dress Code  | BY TARA MAHADEVAN Justin Timberlake’s Attorney Says He 'Was Not Intoxicated’ During DWI Arrest: 'Police Make Mistakes'  | BY COMPLEX STAFF A Michael Bay ‘Skibidi Toilet’ Movie Makes Perfect Sense