


Sign up for our newsletter
Want 15% off at Adore Beauty? Sign up to the latest news at ELLE.
 
Close


Thank you for subscribing!



Email













						Submit
					






Disclaimer: By joining, you agree to our Privacy Policy & Terms of Use


 Want 15% off at Adore Beauty? Sign up to the latest news at ELLE. Disclaimer: By joining, you agree to our Privacy Policy & Terms of Use The Kardashian family has never done anything half-arsed. Whether it’s selfies, massive beauty empires or sex tapes, they really do go all in. And one Kardashian commitment that we are so, so glad they have stuck to is their lavish annual Christmas card.  The family has been making and sharing Christmas cards since the late ’80s, and with each and every year we’re presented with a new side of the family – with the only major running theme being that things get more and more glam as each Christmas comes around. With Christmas fast approaching, we are all ready and waiting for the family to drop this year’s card. Rumours have already been circling as to who will be in it will Scott be cut out again? Will Tristan be in it?), but the main one that has us HYPED is that potentially both Khloé and Kylie will debut their baby bumps.  Think about it, they have already premiered their 10th season of Keeping Up With The Kardashians so they won’t be announcing it in that, and Kylie has been coy for so long, practically fuelling the rumour mill, so they must be waiting on a big public debut. So what better way than a shoot they can keep super private and have total control over? CUE CHRISTMAS CARD BABY ANNOUCMENT. But before we get too excited about this year’s pic, let’s take a trip down memory lane and look back at every every single one of the Kardashian family’s Christmas cards. The first semi-official Kardashian Christmas card featured Kourtney, Kim and Khloé wearing fetching tartan smock dresses and big old bows in their hair. This was clearly the year that the family decided to go all pro with their Christmas card. Both mum and dad (Robert Kardashian and Kris Jenner) are pictured and little baby Rob makes it into his first Xmas card with a jolly romper style. After Kris and Robert’s divorce in the late 1980s, Poppa Kardashian decided to send a Christmas card of his own featuring him and the kids. …Meanwhile Kris posed up a storm with her new family (courtesy of Bruce Jenner) and, what appears to be, a giant ninja turtle Santa Claus. P.S. Spot a mini Brody Jenner before he grew up and broke multiple girls’ hearts on The Hills. By 1991, Kris and Robert’s divorce had been finalised and the momager-to-be clearly turned her attention to building the most epic, massive, blended family that she could. Side Note: Who the heck is in the Santa suit?Please say it’s Todd Kraines. We really want it to be Todd Kraines. What could easily be the strangest motorbike advert we’ve ever seen. Santa’s back And newborn baby Kendall Jenner is taking centre stage. Though we seem to have lost some Jenners along the way… Hello Kylie The late ’90s were clearly a time to celebrate the littlest members of the family. Welcome to the new millennium It’s the 2000s and Robert Kardashian has remarried, picking Eleanor Pearson as his lucky lady. She and him pose on the stairs with the four Kardashian kids lying awkwardly on each step. Cue some sort of breezy GAP jeans commercial, with Kylie and Kris absolutely slaying the game. This not-so-jolly shot was taken in the same year that Robert Kardashian passed away, and fame was right around the corner for this family. 2008 was the launch pad of ‘hey we’re famous and our Christmas cards are a big deal’ phase This year’s Christmas card came in the form of Khloé’s wedding photos Meaning old mate Lamar Odom was the first ‘plus one’ to feature in a Kardashian Christmas card – even though he barely fit in the damn frame. Glammer than ever, the whole squad (plus Lamar, Scott and baby Mason) brought the drama on the staircase of Momma Kris’ home. Don’t all regular families whack on a ball down and drape themselves across the stairs? Things got frosty in 2011, when they prepped an obscenely dramatic and dark set up, with almost every family member in tailored suits. Dashing. Back to more of a jolly scene, all the family members made it on to this picture – and little baby Penelope had her first official Kardashian Christmas card appearance. Perhaps the most avant-garde set up in Christmas card history, the Kardashians roped in David LaChappelle to imagine up this weird world of amusement parks, stuffed to the brim with strange symbolism. Lamar was cut from this picture, as his marriage to Khloé was well and truly on the rocks by then. Scott was also cut out from the picture, but was still with Kourtney at the time, as Reign was conceived after this shoot. Bruce made the cut for this one, but he is awkwardly stuffed into a tube. It wasn’t too long after this that he and Kris went their separate ways and he made his transition into Caitlyn Jenner. This Kardashian Christmas essentially tried not to fall subject to speculative headlines – as around the time Lamar was dealing with his drug issue, Scott was partying a hell of a lot, and Bruce had transformed into Caitlyn. Plus ones were just a little too complicated to feature (or not feature), so they avoided all by just sharing an adorable shot of the grandkids. Mason, Penelope, North and Reign sat together to ring in Christmas – making this, potentially, the most simple Kardashian Christmas card of them all. In 2017, the Kardashians decided to shake things up a little, choosing to publish 25 days of Christmas cards instead of one massive one. This way each of the family members post a Christmas picture per day on Instagram – all taken from the same photoshoot. Day 1 featured baby Saint West in a pile of presents. Day 2: North West, Kim Kardashian West and Kourtney Kardashian. Day 3: Reign Disick. Day 4: North West and Kim Kardashian West. Day 5: Saint West (to celebrate his birthday). Day 6: Mason Disick, Kourtney Kardashian, Penelope Disick and Reign Disick. Day 7: Kim Kardashian West and North West. Day 8: North West, Saint West, Kim Kardashian West and MJ. Day 9: Mason Disick and Dream Kardashian. Day 10: Penelope Disick. Day 11: Kim Kardashian West and Kanye West. Day 12: Kendall Jenner. Day 13: Reign Disick, Mason Disick, North West, Kim Kardashian West, Saint West, Kris Jenner, MJ, Khloé Kardashian and Dream Kardashian. Day 14: Mason Disick, Penelope Disick and Kourtney Kardashian. Day 15: Kim Kardashian West, Kanye West and Saint West. Day 16: North West, Kim Kardashian West, Kanye West and Saint West. Day 17: Kris Jenner, MJ, Dream Kardashian, Khloé Kardashian and Penelope Disick. 





If she reads, she reads ELLE On sale now
Follow us on Instagram to stay updated.

follow



 Follow us on Instagram to stay updated. 
					© 2024 Are Media Pty Ltd				 
					Are Media acknowledges the Traditional Owners of Country throughout Australia. We pay our respects to Elders past and present. All products are independently selected, tested or recommended by our team of experts. If you buy something, we may earn an affiliate commission. Are Media and its brands may have generated text partially using generative AI. Upon generating draft language, our editors review, edit, and revise it to their own liking. We take ultimate responsibility for the content of our publications.				